I've had those moments where you just
look at the data and you see overspend
yesterday or something like that you
know and then if you have built that
relationship with your client then it's
much easier to tell them okay honestly I
made a mistake I see this and this
happened this and this is what we're
gonna do about it sometimes I've even
offered like yeah okay I'm gonna this is
my mistake gonna work for free or I'm
gonna refund it and then they said no
dude it happens that we learn from it
okay it's not gonna happen again let's
move on
welcome back to the PPC Mastery podcast
and of course the GM gmgm in this
episode we are going to be talking about
how to retain pliers because in the last
episode in the previous episode we
shared our stories on how we got our
first clients and what we're doing now
to get more clients as as a freelancer
and in this episode yeah we want to take
it one step further by looking into
strategies to apply to make sure that
the clients stay with you for a long
time because we mentioned this in the
last episode as well it's really nice
working as a Google ad specialist
because the projects tend to be really
long because Google ads is such a always
on never-ending story stories yeah
stories and once you get a client then
it's it's definitely doable to keep them
on for one two three four five years
even yeah just yeah just out of
curiosity actually what's the longest
time that you've worked with one client
seven years seven years yeah seven years
still working with them still working oh
yeah see they're still working seven
years that's crazy just imagine the
lifetime value of those all right
actually calculated this a few months
ago yes and I really fell off my chair
it's a lot yeah
narrator
no it's a lot so basically this this
client cost me a few hundred euros to
close yeah they came in yeah they came
in from my Google ads campaign back then
and yeah I was like okay I'm just going
to
to do this one time over and then
basically just use that money to fund
the Google ads fence that I needed to
acquire them but ever since the monthly
return has been incredible nice and I've
grown with this client every single year
in terms of hours in terms of work in
terms of spend in terms of freedom
because that's worth a lot of money as
well yeah indirectly so yes seven years
in yeah yeah that's a long yeah that's
that's really nice so we can definitely
take that as a as a case study in this
in this episode so what we've done we've
defined three
yeah make sure that you can stay with
the client for a longer time so yeah the
first one is build trust and Report the
personal level I would just name the
three of them then we can just dive in
the second one is setting goals and
evaluating them and the third one
frequent proactive check-ins so
building trust and Rapport on the
personal level is really important and
yeah did you also do that with that
client yeah forever still working with
now every single client that I currently
have I have a great personal
relationship so I think when you're
starting out as a freelancer uh you're
mostly focused on the revenue and making
the switch making the transition from
agency site or client-side to full-time
freelancing yeah so I guess really
working on the relationship on personal
level with your clients is something
that comes in later on it's also because
of the fact that in the beginning you
will obtain a lot of clients that
that are not your ideal clients most of
the time but a few years in a few years
later basically you start to polish your
client portfolio and you can build trust
and build yeah build trust on personal
level yeah so that's that's what I did
for all of the clients that I currently
serve and this client is one of them so
I think it is really important to find
clients that you have a great fit with
on personal level next to business level
yeah since everything that we do as a
Google ad specialist is mainly built on
trust people have to trust you with
their money and you need to have that
that click in terms of well do you like
me do I like you in terms of can we can
we hang out can we drink a beer together
and with my biggest clients that I
really enjoy working with I can
essentially drink a beer together with
them and hang out with them because they
they have become such good friends and
it's sometimes hard to obtain the
business relationship because the
personal aspect becomes that big but I
think those are your best clients and
you really enjoy working for them yeah
should you do you think you should aim
for becoming friends with your clients I
think so I think so and I guess that's a
hard take yeah it's a lot since a lot of
people like to keep things real business
business-wise but I think
it's most enjoyable yeah to work for
clients that you that are like friends
of you know that are like friends of you
and it's nice because you you mentioned
trust a few times and I think trust is
actually the key word here and yeah
whether you become friends or not with
your clients as long as you have a
really deep level of trust and it's
easier to trust someone that you also
like yes and I think what happens if you
build that trust on a deep level and you
also connect on a personal level then
you can also get away with errors much
more much much more than otherwise if
it's such a cold business it doesn't
actually have to necessarily have to be
cold but if it's such a Strictly
Business relationship then it's often
called yeah and then it's really like
I've had those moments where you just
look at the data and you see overspend
yesterday or something like that you
know and then if you have built that
relationship with your client then it's
much easier to tell them okay honestly I
made a mistake I see this and this
happened this and this is what we're
going to do about it sometimes I've even
offered like yeah okay
gonna work for free or I'm gonna refund
it and then they said no dude it happens
did we learn from it okay it's not going
to happen again let's move on yeah but
if you have a really strict business
relationship then that's that's already
like that's already like this and people
are you're on the edge of well yeah then
you're off and especially if you look at
the example from the last episode that
you said with the client that just
basically scammed you if that happens
with a client like that they're gonna
sue you because they say yeah you know
you made a mistake yeah so that's why
it's so important to to yes the same
with with bookkeeping essentially
because we have the same book right now
right yeah so I fully trust this guy I
Almost Do not check the stuff he does
because I fully trust in his capability
to just fix the fix the [__] yeah you
know and he well if you if you ask him a
question he always has a great answer he
really goes into depth he tells you
everything that you have to know but not
more and you can fully rely on him yeah
and you are essentially
yeah the same person you're also
responsible for a lot of money you're
also responsible for a business of your
client essentially so yeah you can see
you can compare Google ad specialist
with an accounting specialist in in
essence yeah so yeah it's all about
trust it's all about trust and I think
if you really if your client can trust
you fully we have the freedom to do yeah
whatever true it takes to bring the
account to a higher level the client of
yours isn't going to check you every
single week yeah what did he do he isn't
going to hop in the change history to
see if you really made these really made
five hours or if you just made 4.75 so
to say yeah so yeah that's what I want
to say but yeah absolutely it makes it
real easy yeah and it also makes it more
fun because then you have the freedom
you feel free in your accounts then you
you know that okay I'm the person I'm
the guy that's managing the campaigns
and I don't have someone watching over
my shoulder yeah and then you just say
okay we want to test x y and z now we
want to test value based bidding now we
want to test service I think blah blah
whatever it is and then ideally they
will just say okay let's go let's try
you have your whole deck ready to
convince them you're like okay this is
I'm gonna persuade you and then they say
okay let's do it I trust you okay nice
yeah exactly that's that's what you want
to what you want to reach yeah and I
think the the clients that gave me a
hard time in the past are the clients
that didn't fully trust me or I didn't
have the feeling that they that they
believe in me or they fully trusted me
because of some errors in the past with
other Google ads Freelancers or whatever
and those were the clients that I
eventually stopped working for in the
end because
you you feel as a Google ad specialist
whether you're being trusted or not so
and if people do not trust you you have
to really be convincing in everything
that you have to say everything that you
want to pitch and it is starting it
becomes stuttering especially if you
have clients on the other side that are
basically giving you a card Blanche hey
dude do whatever it takes to bring my
account to a higher level yeah I believe
in you let's go so yeah it's a big big
pillar yeah I think trust is built by
one result for sure of course of course
yeah that's all what they hire you for
yeah so you can show them the results
then of course you get trust but it's
also communicating yeah because I think
that I've had that experience as well in
the past also when I was to work in the
agency and in my own client portfolio
sometimes it's so how do I explain this
sometimes it's easier to have
bad results but good relationship
because then the client will
feel the trust that you will do whatever
it takes to fix it and to take it to the
next level then it is to have great
results but a bad relationship and they
don't trust you because even though the
results are good they are looking over
your shoulder all of the time and then
it becomes really annoying and then if
you have really good working
relationship with your own personal
relationship with your client then it's
much easier to to to take the hits of
those bad days because they always
happen you always have periods when the
performance drops always not every month
is a green month nothing goes up all the
time no and then you can especially
Shiba Inu yeah
except for Dojo always goes up sorry
no but anyway anyway let's move on to
point two okay
how do you make sure to to communicate
here yeah exactly yeah so I think let's
take a one step back actually because
that's the the third one but the second
one is setting goals and evaluating them
because that's also where communication
comes into into play yeah because you
said them before you start to work
together and you evaluate them every
quarter every year or so
because then you're always at this on
the same you know you're on the same
page and working towards the same goals
and then it becomes easy to say to your
client okay this is what we wanted to
achieve this is what we achieved
either we performed on target over
Target under Target then X Y and Z is
why but I've also had a lot of cases
where we didn't Define those goals
clearly and then the clients are just
like never really happy or always
unsatisfied and then it's it's terrible
it's terrible that happens at a lot of
agencies yeah a lot of agencies that
they do not set proper goals and proper
targets and they just they just make the
amount of hours they have sold that you
start working on search term reports
improving ad copy but they they never
know when the client is happy or not
when they are on target or below targets
so often when you look in inside of an
agency account or agency relationships
like 50 of the client portfolio is isn't
really satisfied because you because
they didn't clearly Define goals yeah so
that's where you have to start with
absolutely yeah yeah and then
from those when you set those goals you
can you can evaluate them and I think
that leads to the third point is
frequent proactive check-ins with your
clients so yeah what is that what does
that mean yeah what does that do if you
have frequent check-ins with your
clients so yeah there are multiple
things to say about this point I think
it's the first thing that I would like
to say here is to to always check in
even if the the results are extremely
good but also when results are extremely
bad so you have to celebrate your wins
yeah and you have to well communicate
your your losses yeah and if you are
honest and proactive about certain weeks
and when you performed below Target or
when you had this crazy crazy deal that
you close or your client close and it
came from your Google ads campaigns you
have to always be communicating you have
to always be one step ahead of your
clients in essence yeah so you do not
want to receive a meal on Monday morning
10 a.m hey last Friday was really really
shitty and what happened yeah because if
you the worst that's the worst if you
receive one of those emails okay it can
happen but if you start receiving them
every single month or every single
quarter then something is then something
is wrong in your own communication you
have to be on the ball yeah so yeah
that's important to always be proactive
be communicating clearly and especially
the clearly part is really important
over here because
people tend to communicate and they tend
to have a great idea okay I'm I'm having
a lot of contact points with my client
but then the clearly communicating part
is missing over there and they're just
rambling or they're not being clear
about the next steps or what went wrong
and what we can prevent in the near
future from this happening again so you
really have to to be clear in what you
want to achieve and be clear in well
follow-up questions that your client may
have when your email has been sent yeah
yeah it's actually funny because I just
wrote that down as a note do not forget
don't let them find out because the and
what I mean with that is be proactive
yeah not try to hide what you have done
or try to hide the bad results no sorry
man we lost access to our account yeah
whoops my bad no but it's exactly what
you said you don't want the client to
find out before you tell them yeah
because then if you take it back to the
trust level again then if you
communicate to them when it's not going
well that's going to signal to your
client that oh okay you're being honest
even when the results are not not as
great and you're you're on it you're on
the wall yeah and that's a really
important part as well yeah because if
you if you are
communicating
faster than your client and you're
finding out faster than your client that
then that means that it signals to your
client that you're checking the results
often yeah and that's when that's where
you're hired for and that's what they
they know ultimately they don't want to
look in inside the Google ads account
they just want to have the feeling that
you're going to do that so that they can
do other stuff yeah they're arguing
hiring you for for that purpose exactly
yeah 100 yeah and when it comes down to
reporting how do you do that do you do
I've heard people do do weekly reports
monthly quarterly what's your approach
to to that I think it depends on what
your client needs and what your client
expects and obviously the size of your
client so working for Weight Watchers
for example means reporting every single
week on last week's results because they
have well message spent across the globe
they want to check in within every
Market see if their CPA to CLT fee rates
are intact if not we have to adjust fast
in order to prove and overspending and
whatnot so for the bigger clients with
really huge levels of spends it becomes
more important to check in frequently
but if you have smaller clients they're
often okay with a monthly report and a
monthly checking call so for most
clients that I currently work with I
check in on a monthly basis where we
just plan a video call so I
prevent sending out reporting emails
I've done that in the past when I first
started out in the first couple of years
the first four years
but one I really hate it writing out
every single monthly report hey last
month we did 5000 clicks and the month
prior to that we had six thousand that's
a minus 20 change blah blah blah blah
blah so I really hated that so that's
when I decided okay I'm going to ditch
that part if the client is okay with
that and we're going to have a video
call yeah instead because one you have a
visual contact points that builds trust
until you do not have to write 10 plus
reports every single first Monday of the
week which is terrible which a lot of
them are not going to be read any yes
yes more than 50 are is not reading
those emails they're like okay Bob did
it did his job again yes he needed one
hour for this that we paid him for uh
more more than half the clients wasn't
even reading those those reports yeah so
video call is way way more effective in
my opinion if you can replace that by a
physical meeting yeah that's even better
but a lot of us are working from home
working through remote meetings are
really nice but I will say I really like
that you can do everything online now
because it saves a lot of time as well
yeah but in fiscal meetings every once
in a while
a video meeting is like one hour one and
a half hour max if you do a physical
meeting you have Chit Chat yeah exactly
yeah a meeting will will will cost you
three hours to go there and go back more
than double of the amount of hours but I
would highly suggest or yeah I would
highly suggest doing at least one
physical meeting every single half half
a year that's quite nice that's really
good for your relationship yeah and if
you can and if the client is okay with
that replace it by an online meeting
yeah yeah so those are the the the the
the well the the frequent check-ins and
that's when I like to discuss the the
Google S3 returns and the results that
we perform on target above Target on the
target what was the spend what was the
conversion value yeah volume stuff like
that and every single quarter I like to
do a quarterly review that is most of
the time a video meeting sometimes a
physical meeting and it is more of a
presentation instead of a well screen
share of a lucr studio report right look
this is what we did so that's when I
take some preparation do some
preparation about what the actual
results were of last quarter in
comparison with the quarter before and
last year's quarter so year on year what
we did so what were the optimization
made what what were the things that we
tested with what are the things that are
on the agenda for the next few months so
it's more like a bigger check-in point
to be on the same page as the client and
that's when you can also ask about the
business so how are things going how are
you how are your stock levels how are
the profit margins these profit margins
yeah during covets yeah well shipping
costs basically doubled sometimes
tripled margins really went down and
those meetings were well were really
important to just break even roast
targets an actual Target Bros
targets so yeah that really really help
yeah and then we have the yearly
meetings that I'm also a fan of so I do
monthly check-ins for Google's results
quarterly meetings for well check-ins
and then yearly reviews to discuss the
next year's plans mainly but also a
quick look back on what we performed
last year and I think that really works
for me at least those sessions are
usually also fun as well especially if
you have really good growth that year oh
yeah you can really celebrate that
together yeah yeah and for your biggest
clients often you see the spend like in
a parabolic
trend but also the results oftentimes
yeah so it's more of a party oftentimes
to celebrate the success which is
important yeah which is important and it
builds trust and it builds your
relationship and it also is a notch for
the next year that you're going to
hopefully perform again and deliver on
your on your promises that you are
making in that specific meeting yeah so
yeah I think that's really important are
you doing that approach of the monthly
check how long are the monthly check-ins
oftentimes an hour an hour yeah yeah and
then you have the quarterly meetings
there
I think closer two hours and because you
have more to discuss and also to recap
and nearly saying yeah yearly is also
two hours yeah something like that do
you yeah I I guess I assume you don't do
that for all your clients right no no
only the bigger ones if you have a
client that only spends 300 500 euros
per month I tend to well be a less be a
little bit less frequent with all of
these meetings so my monthly meeting
becomes a quarterly meeting and a
quarterly meeting becomes a yearly
meeting yeah and it really depends on
well what they're paying you for as well
so if they're paying you for two hours
per month and you have to do every
single everything optimization in a
limited amount of time you do not have
time to properly prepare for these kinds
of meetings yeah whatever I'm a fan of
right now with smaller clients that you
don't have too much time for is doing
the monthly check-ins like you said
they're creating the or maybe not even
creating a report but if you have a
looker Studio dashboard then doing a
quick loom video 15 minutes or so yeah
yeah you record it and then you send it
to them if you have any questions just
let me know yeah they can reply and then
it's nice because you you can also type
an email but I as you said I also don't
like to type those long emails no and if
you do a 10 15 minute video they can
watch it at 1.5 times speed and plus
they see you so it's personal as well
yeah I really like that approach as well
definitely and that's something I
learned from you guys
and I think that's one of the one of the
easiest optimizations you can do for
your monthly check-ins because you can
throw out these videos quite easily
instead of just writing this long
in a gym during a gym session or
whatever so that's a really really good
tip and I like to do that as well not
only for the monthly checking or monthly
reports but also sometimes if there is a
big event in the account something
happened or I see opportunity and I also
do quick Loom videos sometimes like two
three minutes you know yeah instead of
just sending an email hey we switch from
Roxas to Boaz last week and we saw a
huge fluctuation right now everything's
normalizing yeah that's great to to
shoot a little video for and oftentimes
you get compliments from clients as well
that's a nice tool this is a nice way a
great way of working because it's new
almost nobody actually does it that way
so yeah yeah and it's modern modern yeah
yeah true and it saves you so much time
because if you can record a three minute
video if it's your account so you know
what is going on so you can explain it
really easily but if you have to sit
back and take the time to write it out
in a clear and concise email then it's
going to take you at least 30 minutes
then you have to think about the the
paraphrasing exactly the order of the
emails yeah everything yeah now you can
just share a screen and yeah it's yeah
you ramble a bit and it doesn't have to
be so perfect yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
let's see great point so the quarterly
business reviews do you also have them
sometimes with Google because I know
that they they are heavy on that as well
yeah but I have qbrs I only do them for
my for the the the biggest clients so I
have currently three accounts that are
really big in terms of spends and in
terms of assistance from Google and
that's where the Google reps are often
good they're serious in giving you
concise and clear tips and optimizations
this is where you often get access to
product Specialists like Neil Kirby as
well that we both knew new
so so yeah those are the the important
meetings that also give you a lot of new
insights they also have these competitor
benchmarks peer-to-peer reviews so those
are the reviews that I like to attend
but the the calls for the mid and lower
yeah lower end I tend to ignore them I
tend to reply on their emails yeah I do
not pick up the phone when they call in
fact I've blocked the the telephone
number because it's often Spain Spanish
number yeah I've I've just blocked it so
nowadays now they email me instead and I
just politely thank them for well the
fact that they want to call yeah but I
do not see a reason to do so because I
have my own priority prioritization list
of to-do's that I've discussed with my
clients as well and that's a very big
one as well make sure to have a big
backlog of to-do's and frequently share
this with your clients so how do you do
this because we we're we're both we're
both fan of notion yeah do you also use
notion for yeah yeah I think I
um I used to be all over the place I've
tried Trello Asana Monday now I use yeah
notion and it's I don't have a system
it's just literary list of backlog I
will use we use a notion for PPC Mastery
as well yeah it's just a list with some
check boxes like okay this is what we
can do this is what we did or I yeah you
can also use like the kanban templates
but yeah usually I keep it really simple
what about you
I have things really systemized right
now so I'm also using notion I came from
Asana but I really like notion for these
types of stuff because you can literally
do all the things that you want to do
with it so creating a backlog of all of
the things that you can do for specific
clients the things that you're currently
doing right now things that are blocked
because you're waiting for a developer
to implement certain conversion tracking
techniques it's important as well and
also keep track of a list of the things
that are completed and done so I've
created a kanban list for every single
client doesn't matter if they are small
or large obviously the larger clients
have way more stuff to do and have way
more things on their to-do list and
backlog than the smaller clients but it
really really helps to to to update this
compound per client and share this with
them in your monthly check-ins because
they see the way that you're working
they see how how systemized you are and
that builds trust as well they can
actually see your internal system so
this is not not something that I share
with my clients I share I shared during
the monthly course because it is my
to-do list and we prioritize all of the
tasks together during the monthly course
but I do not mess within my compound
word uh I do not let them create certain
cards or lock certain comments so that
really helps what also helps is to keep
track of every single thing that you
have discussed with your clients that
also helps in building trust being clear
communicating clear so every time I have
a meeting doesn't matter if it's planned
or not I tend to write it out in a
really simple email yeah which are
basically what are the the notes meeting
notes they're kind of meeting notes so
to say so I just create a small email
where I start with the client name in
the topic then meeting notes of date
well what is it today 16th of August
2023 and then I'll list all the things
that we have discussed really short and
concise and the action points so what
are we going to do right now just send
it over just so we have that on paper
then I transfer that to the common board
on notion and it really really gives you
a clear list of the things that you have
to do prioritized this month but also
the things that you have discussed that
are less important that you can zoom in
on
the month after next month so there's
always something to do if you keep track
of the things that you communicate with
your clients and discuss with your
clients yeah yeah and that really helps
in your relationship as well if you are
all over the place so if you are just
creating your own notes inside of a
small booklet or sending over emails and
then creating a video I think that is
less effective and less professional
than if you have a clear system that
your client can actually see that's nice
and I think it also helps as I think
about it I think it also helps when
clients are demanding and they say I
think we should do act this and this and
this and then you just say sure but we
already decided to go for these projects
so what are we going to do yeah exactly
or we do something else next month yeah
switch it around and that keeps track of
your time that prevents you from
overworking for some clients yeah and
it's quite easy to do if you're starting
out you're like okay I'm enforcing this
client for six hours but I yeah I want
to I want to build thrust and I want to
oh deliverer which you cannot
consistently overwork and be underpaid
so you have to be very clear in what
what you have to prioritize and what you
can deliver this month and that's
something that I like to do during the
monthly meetings yeah so we had a
building trust and Rapport on the
personal level a lot of different
examples and yeah that's probably that
trust is the single most important thing
in retaining clients right yes obviously
that's it then the second one was
setting goals in evaluating them and
frequent proactive check-ins here's a
final one quick question to to round it
off this is from Hester in our NPC Hub
membership she asked what are your
thoughts on promotional gifts with
clients your personal what's your
personal take on that okay my personal
take I do not like to buy trust
[Laughter]
yeah it feels like bribing and often the
promotional gets are cheesy they're
often cheesy yeah so if you receive like
a pencil unless you receive customized
PPC Master emergency
yeah yeah that could be a bribe as well
yeah it depends what you want to want to
achieve with this but yeah if you
receive a small book or a a
drinking bottle or with your logo I
think it's so cheesy people are
I think they they have their the kitchen
full with these kinds of toys and stuff
already and they're like okay well great
now I have to find an additional place
for this so I'm not doing these kinds of
gifts the only thing that I like to do
um
are basically on two specific moments
the first moment is when a new client
came in and the new campaigns or the
newly restructured campaigns are live
that's when I like to send out a a pie
or some some some some sweets in order
to to celebrate that we just kicked off
a new campaign and we started working
together so that's something clients
tend to like and well yeah they tend to
like that yeah they tend to and it's
nice as well
yeah some sweets are often good so
that's the number one and the second
thing is during Christmas I like to send
out Christmas gifts but I like to make
them personal yeah exactly so I really
do my best to create a personal local
gift so in the region where I live and
where we both grew up there are a lot of
small farms set up with little shops and
a lot of these Farms often work with
their own products or local source
products and I like to pack package
these gifts myself yeah a nice little
wooden box for example and then send
them out myself by myself as well and
that that way you make your gifts
personalized where people actually see
that you have put some effort in it yeah
with a nice handwritten card what I
absolutely despise are wine wine bottles
or champagne bottles or standard stuff
standard stuff that people just buy
online on well greets.nl or where you
can actually see that people were like
oh oh we have to we have to send miles a
gift I forgot we forgot last minute or
just let's just animate champagne and
wet or a wine bottle a nice wine that's
something that I do not do or do not
like personally so I like to put in the
work and those are the only moments that
I'd like to to send over gifts yeah and
it's uh it's all about making it
personal like you said as well I I don't
really give out promotional gifts either
or yeah if you call it a promotional
gift then it's already like what's the
reason but if you give it because you
want to give something away to your
client and just like how you give a gift
to someone on their birthday then it's
completely or some I actually have a
third reason where I do like to give
gifts and that are important personal
Milestones so a few a few months ago a
partner of mine that I really like
working with they had a kid yeah so
that's when I basically sat down with
Tara my wife and looked at hey what what
can we what can we give like a proper
nice gift for this little little boy
that was born so we we gave him a little
tricycle made of wood handcrafted and
really nice almost like a nice piece of
art yeah and they were we're so happy
with it because we also put in the work
yeah we made it personal yeah so those
kinds of gifts are way more important
than the the bottles and the pencil this
crap yeah very nice very nice yeah I I
only the only thing that I gave was a
client of mine hit their first million
dollar month oh wow yeah and then that
was a couple years ago and then I gave
them like a little Trophy and it said
the name of the client and the first
million dollar man that's epic and then
I was they still have it in the office
so at that time I come there I see the
trophy I'm like yeah oh yeah yeah yeah
he did that together those are the best
moments yeah and those are the best
gifts yeah and if you wanted if you want
to give the gifts like this make sure to
be it like a proper gift yes exactly and
make it make it nice and personal yeah
all right it's cool so that was it for
today's episode I think that was a
really uh yeah fun one session one one
yeah to all you listening thank you for
listening if you're watching on YouTube
thanks for thanks for watching
[Music]